Add support for include-file-directive in config files. (#3771)
opentripplanner/OpenTripPlanner: docs/Configuration.md

 
The Maven _pom.xml_, the _META-INF/MANIFEST.MF_, the OTP command line(`--serVerId`), log start-up
messages and all OTP APIs can be used to get the OTP Serialization Version Id.  

## Include file directive

> It is possible to inject the content of another file into a configuration file. This make it 
> possible to keep part of the configuration in separate files. To include the content of a file use
> `${includeFile:FILE_NAME}`. The `FILE_NAME` must be the name of a file in the configuration 
> directory. Relative paths are not supported. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to inject the contents of another file into a configuration file. This makes it 
possible to keep parts of the configuration in separate files. To include the contents of a file, use
`${includeFile:FILE_NAME}`. The `FILE_NAME` must be the name of a file in the configuration 
directory. Relative paths are not supported. 
```

<p>

> To allow both files (the configuration file and the injected file) to be valid JSON files a special
> case is supported; If the include file directive is quoted, then the quotes are removed if the 
> text inserted is valid JSON (start with `{` and ends with ``}). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow both files (the configuration file and the injected file) to be valid JSON files, a special
case is supported. If the include file directive is quoted, then the quotes are removed, if the 
text inserted is valid JSON (starts with `{` and ends with `}`). 
```
